A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
In addition, Panther includes FileVault, a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
Other features include FileVault, which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC: Quote, Profile, Research) ended off 2.96 points, or 0.15 percent, at 1,921.33.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dipped 6.62 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,917.67.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes.
But he said labor wanted other senators to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board.
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses.
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: "Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.
Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said in a statement that he "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
His lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said later that Cuomo "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
She continued: "Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
It indicates, Roberts said, "that terrorists really don't care who they attack.
"It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack."
It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and clambered down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."
"We're pleased with the judge's decision," said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch.
"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
"From Justin to Kelly," a romance starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, bombed with just $2.9 million, opening at No. 11.
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
"From Justin to Kelly," starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration, Visudyne, and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved for the treatment of one subtype representing a minority of cases.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain "a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations, it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation "with excellent growth potential."
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York.
The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," said Gary Costley, Multifoods chairman and chief executive.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Moore has said he plans to appeal the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court.
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows.
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
Under the legislation, a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
But he also told the House Judiciary Committee the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
He admits that the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.
"By its actions," Lieberman said, "the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war."
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely.
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."
But Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Under terms of the deal, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock.
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
Under terms of the agreement, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold.
There are five ethnic Kurds, five Sunni Muslims, a Christian and a Turkoman.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and "should not be treated as precedent."
It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told television reporters in Soweto.
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told Reuters Television in South Africa's sprawling Soweto township.
After their arrests, sources said the men admitted they were smuggled into Washington state from Canada in July.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home, her personal physician said today.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," Mr Argus said.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," he said.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.
He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived," he said.
"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Then, suddenly, the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok, were among those targeted," the Singapore statement said.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said.
Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $300, or 12 percent, to $2,800.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
However, the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel’s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace.
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
A plane carrying 75 people, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, crashed in thick fog in Turkey early on Monday, killing all aboard, officials said.
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.
In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent.
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
In the earlier survey, 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems, compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using DSL.
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum.
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.
Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the CELF, according to various members of CELF.
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> slipped 44.32 points, or 0.48 percent, to 9,240.25.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
Based on having at least one of these symptoms, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
The EU's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
He's not related to Malvo, but the two have referred to each other as father and son.
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
Muhammad and Malvo, 18, are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points, or 0.52 percent, to 9,174.35.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average [$INDU] ended at session highs, gaining 64.64 points, or 0.7 percent, to 9,191.09.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.
Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion, at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of September, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left their weakened companions behind.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.
"Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
"Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the government said.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, parking lot.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent, or 72 cents, to close at $18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
President George Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war.
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
Hoffa, 62, vanished the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Last week its American owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
The greenback rose steeply against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea.
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.
Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."
Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much."
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."
"Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said.
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
He continued, "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer.
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores," Graham said.
As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
"That said, however, no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used."
She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
"My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him."
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," stated SIA President George Scalise, in a statement.
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
In a statement Monday, his lawyer John Keker said ``Frank Quattrone is innocent.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition," said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Mr. Karas said.
It was to fly a plane in the White House."
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money.
In addition, Hambali laments, "all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests," and "JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the same the day the bodies were identified through DNA testing.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $6.7 billion, on average, according to a survey by Reuters Research.
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
The per-share earnings were also 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the company.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."
In its statement, the bank said it believed "the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive."
"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive," Goldman said.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said.
Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
Dr. Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people.
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.
Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
His wife, Janet, said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Since posting a $3 million bond, Jackson has been keeping a low profile in Las Vegas, where he had been filming a music video.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.
The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances.
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program," Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
He followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license.
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java.
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.
"It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM."
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
He added that the decision will "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20.
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.
Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept. 8 and Sept. 9.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Mr. Reed said in his letter.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in his letter.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said.
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."
"Of course, I want to win again, but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious," he said.
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.
By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."
Conway called the move "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle, and will be published in this week's New England Journal of Medicine.
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11."
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon.
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior government official said.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable on Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status.
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner.
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was "almost unique" in medicine.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June.
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.
Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.
However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
